Add examples for all major commands. (#5)
ipinfo/mmdbctl: README.md

  "latitude": "37.4056",
  "longitude": "-122.0775",
  "postalcode": "94043",
  "region": "California",
  "timezone": "America/Los_Angeles"
}
```

CSV format:

```bash
$ mmdbctl read -f csv 8.8.8.8 location.mmdb
ip,city,country,geoname_id,latitude,longitude,postalcode,region,timezone
8.8.8.8,Mountain View,US,5375480,37.4056,-122.0775,94043,California,America/Los_Angeles
```

TSV format:

```bash
$ mmdbctl read -f tsv 8.8.8.8 location.mmdb
ip	city	country	geoname_id	latitude	longitude	postalcode	region	timezone
8.8.8.8	Mountain View	US	5375480	37.4056	-122.0775	94043	California	America/Los_Angeles
```

Via a file:

```bash
$ cat ips.txt
8.8.8.8
8.8.8.0/31
8.8.8.0-8.8.8.1
8.8.8.0,8.8.8.1

$ mmdbctl read ips.txt location.mmdb | sort -u
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
```

Via stdin:

```bash
$ echo 8.8.8.8 | mmdbctl read location.mmdb
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
```

> Multiple inputs are also possible - these all return the same thing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Multiple inputs are also possible 
All of the commands below will return the same output
```
Or something more appropriate

Author: This will render something messed up - it will put these two on the same line. I actually think this one is perfectly fine :thinking:

$ mmdbctl read 8.8.8.8 1.2.3.4 location.mmdb
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
{"city":"Brisbane","country":"AU","geoname_id":"2174003","latitude":"-27.48203","longitude":"153.01358","postalcode":"4101","region":"Queensland","timezone":"Australia/Brisbane"}
```

Can check CIDRs and ranges - these will all return the same thing:

```bash
$ mmdbctl read 8.8.8.0/31 location.mmdb
$ mmdbctl read 8.8.8.0-8.8.8.1 location.mmdb
$ mmdbctl read 8.8.8.0,8.8.8.1 location.mmdb
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
{"city":"Mountain View","country":"US","geoname_id":"5375480","latitude":"37.4056","longitude":"-122.0775","postalcode":"94043","region":"California","timezone":"America/Los_Angeles"}
```

### Importing

> Importing allows taking in files as CSV/TSV/JSON, and outputting an MMDB file.

Reviewer: By default, if we don't use the `-o` flag explicitly it goes in `stdin` mode so this statement might confuse some users or not maybe? should we mention that you have to mention `-o` flag explicitly?

Author: I think they can see the full details in `--help` for something like this. `import` actually has tons of interesting cases so it's almost inevitable that they will have to read this, which is why I put the request to read `--help` early on in here.
